traffic on roads and streets
causes the deaths of 40,000
per year according to data from the
Ministry of Justice
many of these fatalities could be
avoided if the behavior of
drivers were different
thinking about it the foundation volkswagen
decided to face the problem facing
pioneer in social projects and
educational programs with more than one million
students benefited in the last nine
volkswagen years in line with the pact
the reduction of accidents in the
of the UN and created the game project
life in transit and aims to raise awareness
young people who are the drivers of
future about a more
responsible
for some time the foundation volkswagen
sought an education project in the
transit on account of a reality which
deserves our attention
the foundation that already works with education
who then saw an opportunity there one
foundation of the automobile industry
opportunity to work with the project
education means more than that.
is citizenship and education in traffic
a project to change the behavior of the
driver we are all but us
we choose a focus focus on the next
driver who is the most
affected by these accident
and traffic incidents we then chose
for a video game
the project consists of a game of
computer or tops and a roadmap for
teachers that allows educators to
working on the concepts of in- game
from the beginning we thought a
set of activities so that the
teacher should appropriate the game as
a context generator and mainly
as a motivator of these young people
there is a whole didactic menu of which the
teacher can serve to generate in room
the context and to promote the
motivation of the students so that they
that they can discuss
various activities based on
projects that will allow students and author
and
develop self-criticism above all
This system is not talking to us.
simply to consume knowledge
ready we are talking about
sensitize the student so that he can
be responsible for their actions
virtual 3d board
autópolis transmit concepts of
security legislation and citizenship in
Traffic
many players drive a car
simulating real life education and
fun the autopolis takes the player to
reflect on situations involving limit
and traffic lights and radars and
even punishments follow the rules
in this 3d board environment the player
you can walk through homes like in the
traditional tray and then when it
arrives at the place he decides if he wants
enter that place or not as it
moving through the van
happening stories is this narrative
that is creating the game sequence a
interactive narrative to our proposal
We are already trying to bring pro
driver who does not have much
contact what still the next driver
try to bring these
we automatize these habits of how
works the ownership of the car you
You have to worry so much and the best.
the autopolis is available for the whole
the public school network as well as on the
of the foundation always free of charge and
open to all
using an innovative tool that
arouses the interest of young people
volkswagen takes another step towards
contribute to the formation of future
drivers to transform traffic
with safer and more citizen-friendly attitudes